Add osb! Storyboarding Contest (#6909)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Contests/osb!_Storyboarding_Contest/1/en.md

## Podium

This competition has come to an end and resulted in the following podium:

| Placing | Participant |
| :-: | :-- |
| ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | ![][flag_CA] [TheDuckMask](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7405768) |
| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | ![][flag_UA] [PantyDev](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5420543) |
| ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | ![][flag_CA] [Gaia](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2683648) |

## Ruleset

### General rules

- **You can choose any song, theme and sprites (including your own)**. This is so that we do not limit your potential and idea.
- **Mapping is not required**. This is a storyboarding contest!
- Use of **provided sprites is optional**, but it is **strongly encouraged since points are calculated with sprites and their usage**.
- If you get a **name change** during the duration of the tournament, please **let hosts know as soon as possible**!

> - **No previous experience necessary**. (This includes experience with osu!editor's design tab, programming and photoshop, although it would be a great advantage.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **No previous experience necessary**. (This includes experience with the beatmap editor's design tab, programming and photoshop, although it would be a great advantage.)
```

- Prizes are distributed in the span of 2 weeks after results have been released.

### Submission rules

> - **This contest will be individual only.** This means storyboard collaboration is prohibited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **This contest will be for individuals only.** This means storyboard collaboration is prohibited.
```

> - If you want to use illustration from an artist, **acquire permission / cite accordingly**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you want to use illustrations from an artist, **acquire permission / cite accordingly**.
```

> - If you want to use illustration from an artist, **acquire permission / cite them accordingly**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you want to use illustration from an artist, **acquire permission / cite accordingly**.
```

- If you want to use sprites from other storyboards, **do not use them until you have permission from the storyboarder(s)**.

> - Regarding how much you can edit and still be counted as part of sprite from our sprite pool, please refer to the image below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Regarding how much you can edit a sprite with it still being counted as part of a sprite from the sprite pool, please refer to the image below.
```

![](img/editing-rules.jpg "Contest editing rules")

> - **Do not share storyboards, code, and/or sprites when you are done!** (This includes screenshots and/or gifs of the storyboard) Sharing them will put you in a disadvantage!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Do not share storyboards, code, and/or sprites when you are done!** (This includes screenshots and/or GIFs of the storyboard.) Sharing them will put you in a disadvantage!
```

> - You can get hints on making specific effects you have in mind, but **do not ask others to make an effect for you!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can get hints on making specific effects you have in mind, but **do not ask others to make an effect for you**!
```

## Organisation

The osb! Storyboarding Contest #1 was run by osu! storyboarder banquet staff.

| User | Responsibility |
| :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_CA] [Sidetail](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2036217) | Host, administrator |
| ![][flag_VN] [Hokichi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6607303) | Co-host, graphic designer, judge |
| ![][flag_GB] [WildOne94](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3482692) | Staff member, judge |
| ![][flag_AU] [Coppertine](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7279762) | Staff member, judge |
| ![][flag_DE] [Darky1](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3372928) | Staff member, judge |
| ![][flag_CA] [Marblelemons](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8286416) | Staff member, judge |
| ![][flag_BR] [Dada](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9119507) | Judge |
| ![][flag_ID] [LordRaika](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3265023) | Judge |
| ![][flag_US] [Starrodkirby86](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/410) | Judge |
| ![][flag_SE] [Naxess](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8129817) | Logo designer |

## Links

- **[Discussion thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/897075)**
- [Judging spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16hHsR_foAqDAqckcZ33Om-OLxqgtNXzFqWqDSe7gdnU/edit#gid=0)

> - [1st place storyboard showcase](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFfXZfOJQPs)
> - [2nd place storyboard showcase](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucRjWfP6ZSA)
> - [3rd place storyboard showcase](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4QL4B4Qgso)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Participants

> | Storyboarder | Entry |
> | :-- | :-- |
> | ![][flag_CA] [Gaia](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2683648) | [puru - Grimheart (Original Mix & Cut Ver.) \[RED FOX\]](https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1dIBPlOdB00Mu-To8SdAwgGsi9OUSQ1JT) |
> | ![][flag_UA] [PantyDev](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5420543) | [Itou Kanako - COSMIC LOOPER (TV Size) \[MAINE COON\]](https://drive.google.com/uc?id=12i-RTXTOM60P1MfBx_QGBMwmB5qOWXbz) |
> | ![][flag_CA] [TheDuckMask](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7405768) | [AVTechNO!xTreow - DYE/Re:flection+ \[SHIBA INU\]](https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1y51gyjGgrrIQJlxkjxNoGRwFu285KaeH) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Storyboarder | Entry | Showcase video |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_CA] [Gaia](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2683648) | [puru - Grimheart (Original Mix & Cut Ver.) \[RED FOX\]](https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1dIBPlOdB00Mu-To8SdAwgGsi9OUSQ1JT) | [#1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4QL4B4Qgso) |
| ![][flag_UA] [PantyDev](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5420543) | [Itou Kanako - COSMIC LOOPER (TV Size) \[MAINE COON\]](https://drive.google.com/uc?id=12i-RTXTOM60P1MfBx_QGBMwmB5qOWXbz) | [#1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucRjWfP6ZSA) |
| ![][flag_CA] [TheDuckMask](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7405768) | [AVTechNO!xTreow - DYE/Re:flection+ \[SHIBA INU\]](https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1y51gyjGgrrIQJlxkjxNoGRwFu285KaeH) | [#1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFfXZfOJQPs) |
```

## Podium

This competition has come to an end and resulted in the following podium:

> | Place | User |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Placing | Participant |
```

---
tags:

>   - storyboarding
>   - osb
>   - osu! storyboarder banquet
>   - storyboarding contest

Reviewer: these are unnecessary since they are included in the title

```suggestion
  - osb
  - osu! storyboarder banquet
```

---

# osb! Storyboarding Contest #1

![osb! Storyboarding Contest #1 banner](img/banner.png)

> The **osb! Storyboarding Contest #1** was a storyboarding contest hosted by osu! storyboarder banquet, storyboarding community on osu!. It was the first iteration of osb! Storyboarding Contest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **osb! Storyboarding Contest #1** was a storyboarding contest hosted by osu! storyboarder banquet, the storyboarding community on osu!. It was the first iteration of the osb! Storyboarding Contest.
```

## Contest schedule

> | Event | Timestamp (UTC-08) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Event | Timestamp (UTC-8) |
```

| --: | :-- |
| Announcement | 2019-04-20 |
| Registration phase | 2019-04-20/2019-05-20 |
| Submission phase | 2019-05-20/2019-06-20 |
| Judging phase | 2019-06-27 |
| Result announcement | 2019-06-27 |

## Prizes

| Placing | Prize(s) |
| :-: | :-- |
| ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | 4 months of osu!supporter tag, unique profile badge |
| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | 2 months of osu!supporter tag |
| ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | 1 month of osu!supporter tag |

![](img/badge-winner.png "osb! Storyboarding Contest #1 winner badge") 

## Organisation

> The osb! Storyboarding Contest #1 was run by staff of the osu! storyboarder banquet community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The osb! Storyboarding Contest #1 was run by osu! storyboarder banquet staff.
```

| ![][flag_UA] [PantyDev](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5420543) | [Itou Kanako - COSMIC LOOPER (TV Size) \[MAINE COON\]](https://drive.google.com/uc?id=12i-RTXTOM60P1MfBx_QGBMwmB5qOWXbz) |
| ![][flag_CA] [TheDuckMask](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7405768) | [AVTechNO!xTreow - DYE/Re:flection+ \[SHIBA INU\]](https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1y51gyjGgrrIQJlxkjxNoGRwFu285KaeH) |

## Podium

This competition has come to an end and resulted in the following podium:

| Place | User |
| :-: | :-- |
| ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | ![][flag_CA] [TheDuckMask](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7405768) |
| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | ![][flag_UA] [PantyDev](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5420543) |
| ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | ![][flag_CA] [Gaia](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2683648) |

## Ruleset

### General rules

- **You can choose any song, theme and sprites (including your own)**. This is so that we do not limit your potential and idea.
- **Mapping is not required**. This is a storyboarding contest!

> - Use of **provided sprites are optional**, but it is **strongly encouraged since points are calculated with sprites and their usage**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use of **provided sprites is optional**, but it is **strongly encouraged since points are calculated with sprites and their usage**.
```

- If you get a **name change** during the duration of the tournament, please **let hosts know as soon as possible**!

> - **No previous experience necessary**. (This includes osu!editor’s design tab, programming and photoshop, but would be a great advantage)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **No previous experience necessary**. (This includes experience with osu!editor's design tab, programming and photoshop, although it would be a great advantage.)
```

- Prizes are distributed in the span of 2 weeks after results have been released.

### Submission rules

> - **This contest will be individual only**. This means storyboard collaboration is prohibited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **This contest will be individual only.** This means storyboard collaboration is prohibited.
```

> - If you want to use illustration from an artist, **think about permission / cite them accordingly**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you want to use illustration from an artist, **acquire permission / cite them accordingly**.
```

> - If you want to use sprites from another storyboard(s), **do not use them until you have permission from the storyboarder(s)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you want to use sprites from other storyboards, **do not use them until you have permission from the storyboarder(s)**.
```

> - Regarding how much you can edit and still be counted as part of sprite from our sprite pool, please refer to image here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Regarding how much you can edit and still be counted as part of sprite from our sprite pool, please refer to the image below.
```

![](img/editing-rules.jpg "Contest editing rules")

> - **Do not share storyboards, code, and/or sprites when you’re done!** (This includes screenshots and/or gifs of the storyboard) Sharing them will put you in a disadvantage!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Do not share storyboards, code, and/or sprites when you are done!** (This includes screenshots and/or gifs of the storyboard) Sharing them will put you in a disadvantage!
```

- You can get hints on making specific effects you have in mind, but **do not ask others to make an effect for you!**

> - **If you already have WIP storyboard, you may use it in this contest.** However, we would like to see the SB that you submit to us being used in beatmap as well without having big modifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **If you already have WIP storyboard, you may use it in this contest.** However, we would like to see the SB you submit to us being used in a beatmap as well, without big modifications.
```
